/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_21august2026_p0.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 21_AUGUST_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

// KARBYTES_VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTIONS_21AUGUST2026

The following nine videos were transcribed using the TurboScribe.ai web application.

(Note that the videos featured in this transcription file do not encompass all the videos which karbytes recorded within the time interval whose endpoints are 11:59PM Pacific Standard Time on 19_AUGUST_2026 and 11:59PM Pacific Standard Time on 21_AUGUST_2026. Some of those videos were deleted and some of the videos showcased in this file have been abridged).

* * *

video_0_name: karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p0.mp4

video_0_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p0.mp4

video_0_transcription:

All right, I got 17 minutes of recording time. On a lighter note, I'd like to bring up a dream that I had earlier today, and it was there was a what appeared to be a black widow spider on my leg, and I was trying to brush it off frantically, but it wouldn't come off. It wasn't really shaped like a spider, it was just the color of a black widow, black and red, and I remember instead of getting it off my leg after trying to swipe at it and it was clinging on, I smashed it and then saw all this poison apparently come out, looked like some kind of liquid, almost like some kind of oily or gasoline-like substance, and it got on my leg and on whatever the surface was below me, and then I started instantly feeling intoxicated by the poison.

And I was thinking maybe I need to go to the hospital, maybe not, and then after a while I seemed to be more or less okay, and then I went back to the spot where there was still that puddle of poison and came into contact with it accidentally and felt myself kind of get high off it again, and then somehow later on in that dream there was the appearance of these beetles that were black and red which are not poisonous appearing, a lot of them, and then somehow I was talking to my brother about how I was getting high off the spider venom and I was treating it like some kind of recreational drug. So that's just a weird dream because that doesn't sound like the real me, but maybe that is a part of me that exists, a part of me that is a bit more like that. Like I have a whole other personality in there.

That's not something I want to publicly promote though, it's just they sound kind of edgy and they like to have fun and they're really chill in the face of what could be their death. So another thing is I want to mention [is] that [I'm] taking an actual deep hiatus from updating the [canon] KARBYTES on the public web, either on @informationcrystals or @karlinarayberinger or @karbytessupporter is so I can have a chance to let my cumbersome public ego kind of die. So that's one that's more like how I really want to be, can actually formulate and come into fruition, if not for the public at least just for myself.

So there's becoming a more focus of not about trying to appeal to the public, I'm more so about just trying to appeal to myself and really mean it, not just say it.

* * *

video_1_name: karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p1.mp4

video_1_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p1.mp4

video_1_transcription:

Alright, while I'm here, and I have only about a minute left of recording time unless I delete some videos, I'd like to say that the purpose of me making these recordings and transcribing them and saving the transcription files in a private repo for myself to look at later on is so I don't have to repeat myself because I think a lot of the content in these transcripts sound like things I've said multiple times across the last few years, which is kind of scary. I'd rather not have to repeat myself about these kinds of things. So putting them in a place where I can look at them that's private means I can look at them as needed so I can move on.

So the purpose of them being stored is so I can see how far I've come in the future when I have genuinely new and worthwhile things to publish.

* * *

video_2_name: karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p2.mp4

video_2_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p2.mp4

video_2_transcription:

All right, I have about 20 minutes of time to record because I compressed three videos already and each of those videos are about one gigabyte in size. So the compression significantly reduced it down. Anyway, I noticed that my phone plan apparently didn't renew. So [what] I'm gonna have to do later on is pay approximately $30 if not more to renew my plan which means I only have about 50 - I mean less than $20 - left in my bank accounts. And usually almost all that would go towards gasoline to get a quality outing [in]; and not enough to actually get any food too. So what I could do is just consider it to be tomorrow's gonna be a really skirting by on the bare minimum [kind of day] and having to tap into my pantry reserves. I don't like to talk about this on my public blog because it just seems so menial and beneath me to talk about the ins and outs of being poor as me because a lot of people think I'm not really poor. But actually I am. People don't really believe it until they hear enough evidence and then only after that they're like, "Oh, yeah, you're right. You're kind of poor. No wonder why I hardly do anything," and then that becomes too much the focus of the blog; which is kind of a bitchy thing to do. Small-minded myopic petty people focus on that kind of stuff instead of making the most of what they have and avoiding complaining unless it's absolutely necessary to do so. So this is confidential. I'm just doing it for my own peace of mind to be a friend to myself. So to be a real friend to myself I don't really do it for an audience.

I am the only audience of this recording that I really intend. I think that's a real step up in my game because thus far my game has been to always assume that whatever I'm recording is eventually going to be public. But this time that's not the case. So it's changing how I do things. So, yeah I'm also worried about not having enough gasoline to get home because of what I talked about earlier in these videos. A lot of the gas [was] not making it into the tank when I was at the gas pump because of the faulty way that the opening of that gasoline tank is. So a lot of it spilled out onto the ground and onto my leg and shoe and it reeked inside the car of gasoline. And I wondered if it's going to cause harm to me as in spread carcinogens into my bloodstream. So yeah, there's all these things going on that I don't talk about to anyone but myself because it doesn't seem to concern much of anyone but myself. Yeah, I was gonna try to respond to a text message that my mom sent two days ago and I realized it wasn't getting sent because my phone plan wasn't renewed and there was an AT&T message saying so. So what that means is I could be in a pretty shitty situation unless I go to the extreme of either walking all the way home right now along Ramage Peak Trail and leaving the car over here or waiting until tomorrow morning to go drive down to where there's internet access down in San Ramon, which is not too far from where I'm currently parked. I sound kind of ridiculous to me. I'm willing to actually risk it and just try driving home.

I'm assuming I have enough gasoline to get by...

* * *

video_3_name: karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p3.mp4

video_3_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p3.mp4

(relevant_image_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_selfie_20august2026_p0.jpg)

video_3_transcription:

So before I descend along Ramage Peak Trail towards Ramage Peak, which is in front of me, I'm going to go try to go to my special spot near the troughs and hopefully hear the frogs and all that. I'm going to try to say what I was trying say in the other video, which I ended abruptly because I needed to tie my shoe because my right shoelace came undone. So here I am standing along Ramage Peak Trail looking at Ramage Peak south of me and the moon also south of me, which is a half moon tonight.

Venus [is] over towards the western horizon over where San Mateo looks like is. And there's a lot of kind of high clouds and I see a big wave of lower clouds coming in from the west. So soon it's going to be overcast.

Right now I'm enjoying being able to see some of the celestial bodies through the cloud layers while I can before that window closes. Anyway, I'm really starting to get into the practice of making recordings where I'm expected to be the only audience indefinitely. And I really mean it this time.

Like, I don't mean that I'm going to eventually share this on my public blog. I mean that I'm almost certainly 99% certain that it's just going to be for my own use because that's the purpose of this exercise. I'm training my mind to not really rely on the public to pay attention to me and to understand me.

Instead, I'm just relying on myself and at times I rely on ChatGPT to do a lot of the interpreting and making me feel validated and understood so it's not just confined to my own brain. Or to the brains of people that I don't authorize to view this content. So anyway, I'm worried because this has been on my mind.

I should say it's I don't want to deform my feet which I spent over a year working on trying to correct because they had minor bunions on one of them. And I really take pride in not having deformed-looking feet. I think my feet look pretty good and they feel pretty good.

I don't want to lose that good conditioning because of shitty shoes that don't really fit properly because the toe box is too narrow especially. And that looks like it's going to be the case if I were to use the shoes through Zappos that Amazon would authorize me to get basically free shoes through. But they're shitty.

So what I'm going to do instead is wait until Friday when I get $100 to pay for a special strap on semi-flexible steel toe shoe covers. That way I can wear what I'm currently wearing with those over them and that way I don't have to feel like I'm contorting my feet. And if the people at Amazon have a problem with that I'll say well these are basically steel toes so this is not a violation of the dress code.

And if they press me on it then I'll say this is a reason for me to quit the job then because I really take this seriously. I think if they're pushing me to have to wear the shoes there's something else going on. It's not about my safety, my well-being.

It's about conformity and not having it too good. So they have some weird hang-up about me having non-deformed feet compared to everyone else. I'm not making this up.

They also were trying to spite me with my order for the shoes that I'm wearing now. They made it look like they weren't willing to actually deliver it on time. They delayed it like severely and they said the cause was bad weather when the weather was actually very good during that time.

And it was from that warehouse in particular that I'm supposed to be working at. So this is not a coincidence. I'm pretty sure that people there don't like me and they wanted to spite me and they want me to be in pain because of bad footwear.

So that means they're barbaric and they're violent. And I'm not surprised given how the ob application and job process has been so far. They don't expect very much of their applicants.

They assume right off the bat that they need to be reminded not to be violent and to have basic English comprehension. So I mean, I just don't want to settle for being that way myself. I don't want to be one of those disgusting people that I think I'm likely going to have to be rubbing up against once I'm working there.

And I did have to deal with those types before. I call them ogres. And oftentimes they come in the form of those Gen Z types that are rude and oftentimes they're just mean and they're petty and they just look like immature little brats.

And I can go on make racial slurs but I'm not going to do that. I called them ogres already in a different video. This is for my own amusement or my own benefit because, yeah, it's fine.

It's freedom of speech. You can say whatever you want as long as you're not actually harming people and unnecessarily harassing them. There's nothing wrong with saying these things in the privacy of my own personal space bubble.

I don't want to get into a tangent about how I think that it's fucked up that people would beat up someone just for having a swastika tattoo and noticing that people on Reddit were generally siding with those beating up the person with the swastika tattoo. And if I were to say, I think it's wrong that they're just initiating violence against someone who wasn't even being violent... Yeah, they have a symbol on their arm that could be affiliated with violence against certain races or whatever, but that doesn't mean the person is actually a Nazi.

It just means they're wearing that symbol. But we assume they're a Nazi and Nazis deserve to get punched in the face and it's okay to punch Nazis. And they are Mexican guys, by the way, three Mexican guys beating them up.

So that's what I mean. They don't really actually tolerate true freedom of speech. And I think that's the real problem.

People are going to say the Nazi or the so-called Nazi wearing the tattoo is the problem when I really, I think it's those Mexican guys initiating violence or no reason, right in front of this kid too. That's the kind of example they set for children, that it's okay to just beat people up because they're wearing something you don't like. And it seemed that no one was taking my side in that entire long thread, which is disappointing.

I'm disappointed in my fellow humans. And I'm also watching the cloud layer overtaking the top of Ramage Peak. Now I don't see the little tree on top.

So already six minutes has elapsed into this rather long video. It's not like other videos because I'm not walking this time. I'm taking my time to stand in one spot so I can just focus on what I'm saying.

And I am a little bit high on a shroom. And I did smoke a little bit of 5-MeO-DMT also during this hike. So I'm really trying to make the most of what I can in a rather compressed time interval after having spent what felt like a whole week being basically sedentary and overeating junk food that I got from Peet's.

I took a picture of myself. I already said this before and put it on a private repo. And I don't think I look bad.

I still think I look quite handsome. But maybe I'm a little bit slightly more on the heavy side than I really want to look. And I really think that it's not even going to really be that difficult for me to lose weight and be more my ideal look.

Because really, it's not much we have to lose at all. And it's not like I have to do anything all that drastically different than what I would be doing anyway. It's just I'm kind of being forced to, whether I want to or not, lose weight because I don't have very much money to spend on food.

And I have to do a lot of things to keep my life together. So I can't just sit around binge eating on treats. I have to actually work.

And I have to actually expend calories. And I have to spend a lot of time basically out in the wilderness as part of my healing process. Because I know it's necessary if I want to level up in the real world.

It's the only way for me to actually heal. So I'm out here because I'm trying to get all this crap that I've been carrying inside my mind for a long time. And some of that is I just have a lot of resentment towards people for some reason.

Now it seems outdated, especially now that I'm not doing marijuana as much. My thoughts have been able to get a lot more clear. And it's just sad because I see that what I was doing a lot of this time was just going off on tangents and getting carried away with stuff that was just not all that important to get carried away with.

And it was just a culmination of a bunch of junk and errors and embarrassing moments and just painful experiences when I could have been having a higher quality of life than that. So I feel bad for myself that I went through so much inconvenience unnecessarily and wastefulness. I feel bad for that.

At the time I was just trying to feel better. So I'm not mad at myself. I'm just feeling sorry for myself.

I really am. I think maybe I am the only person who will actually give myself the time of day and empathy I really kind of want. I'm not looking for friends.

I'm trying to be one of the toughest people on the planet. Someone who can actually be on their own and not lean on other people for support as much as possible. I really take that as a challenge.

I really mean to fulfill the challenge and to do a really good job of it. And not just a little bit. Behind me there's a big cloud layer coming in.

I just noticed. I'm getting surrounded by clouds as we speak. But like I said, this is just for me.

It's already 10 minutes into the recording. I only have about 10 minutes left to record unless I compress more videos which I can do but it's a time-assuming process. So I'm just going to take my time because I don't really feel the need to rush because it feels like the park rangers have not really been heckling me too much about my car being parked overnight unless I do it too often.

So I just... I don't do it very often. I'm not going to stay literally overnight unless I decide after having the epiphany that's what I want to do. I'm kind of a little bit conflicted right now about what I want to do.

What if I went back to the olden days where I waited till tomorrow morning when Pete's opens up on the San Ramon side and go down there to use the internet. And then after I do that I can get the money sent to my account and then pay for something to eat or drink down there. And then go back up here instead of go back home.

And then I'm accomplishing what I was trying to do which was spend two whole days in Las Trampas or near it including going down to, like I said, Bishop Ranch to go get some grub. But like I also said I'm not going to have very much money so what I could do is I could wait to renew my phone plan but I think that's dangerous and I really don't think it's a good idea just so I can have extra food. I don't think that's worth it.

So yeah I'm just probably going to be very hungry. That's unfortunate that it has to come down to this. Maybe I should delay renewing my phone.

Maybe not. I shouldn't have to play this kind of game. Like I said I shouldn't have to decide whether I should eat properly or have enough money for other things.

It's stupid. I shouldn't even have to be talking about this shit. I should already be having a stable job that pays me plenty of money so I don't even have to have these stupid conversations.

But if I did have such a job would I even be able to have these kinds of lavish lengthy outings? That's questionable unless it's a dream job or something...

* * *

video_4_name: karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p4.mp4

video_4_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_20august2026_p4.mp4

(relevant_image_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_selfie_20july2026_p0.jpg)

(relevant_image_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_selfie_20august2026_p0.jpg)

video_4_transcription:

Another thing that happened that I think is sad is I lost an M_DISK earlier today when I was in a celebratory mood and I was excited to burn that disk, but minutes after it started actually being burnt there was a error in the Brasero program. So I had to throw away that disk and cut it up, which is like an aborted fetus... having to cut up the aborted fetus. There's a lot of these little things start to add up after a while. But I feel like it's best to be on the down-low, not share these things because there's just so many of these things. People won't know why I'm so sad. It's because so many things happen that I don't share that are genuinely troubling for me and disappointing and just sad. I guess I'm like a little kid inside excited to get its toy only to have the toy break. That's sad. And so you're like, "Oh get over it. First World Problems much." And I'm like, "Well, I have a feeling for the kid here. There's [something] innocent." Maybe it's just me realizing I'm not that much of a kid and I don't get treated like such. I don't look like a kid. And speaking of which I've been wondering if I should go ahead and just make another update on the canon KARBYTES, which includes that picture of me looking rather mature compared to other pictures that I put up there. Not like a dramatically different picture, but there's something different about that [newer] picture. The other picture I had that was a selfie. It was outside somewhere. I was trying to take a picture of myself at a scenic place, but I had a weird expression on. I was still probably a bit high on marijuana and then the one I took today inside The Burrow... I just had kind of a more realistic look like if I wasn't pained about something; [instead relatively] neutral. And I do kind of like the fact that it's not like the most trim I've ever looked. I kind of like the fact that it does kind of look a little bit on the heavy side; not obese; not even overweight necessarily, but slightly on the overweight side.

I think I think it's kind of attractive. It kind of makes me look more regal and king-like and less like a scrawny little kid. So maybe I actually think that's attractive. But I wouldn't mind actually getting to a more skinny configuration; not too skinny, but slightly skinnier just because I think it kind of fits my preferences better. I wasn't meant to be so heavy. I think this heaviness doesn't feel natural. I feel like that's just a situational thing. That was because I got into this game with myself [where I] decided to overeat on purpose and to fetishize overeating and, yeah, I kind of have noticed that my interest in that has dropped a lot. It's not at zero and I don't expect it to ever be and right now it's the only reliable way I know to actually cum from masturbating and nothing else really turns me on as much. Sometimes I get turned on by more conventional things but I feel like a lot of that is pressure from society to actually like those things and it's forced on me so much that maybe I just have to but in all honesty I'm more auto-erotic than I am attracted to the female form and some people think that's weird. Oh, well, who cares? I'm not really harming anyone.

So there's really nothing wrong with just only having feelings for myself. Part reason why I'm here right now is to spend some quality time with just myself in a place that I really love being at. And the clouds are surrounding me now. So the focus of this walk isn't so much on the exercise as I thought it was gonna be. Instead it's about getting my thoughts out. So yeah, there's always been a trend in KARBYTES where I expect what I'm doing for the day or night to be more simple and physical and it ends up being more cerebral instead and I'm glad for that because I think that's kind of the essence of what KARBYTES is about. It's definitely more of a cerebral undertaking than it is an athletic one. So if I had an athletic body and do athletic things that just adds to the whole thing. It makes it extra sexy and cool. So yeah, I'm trying to be cool and I'm trying to be sexy. And I'm trying to have fun and it's infectious and some people are probably jealous [of] that. And "haters gonna hate" and I'm gonna keep trying to make my brand as delicious as I can.

So yeah, maybe I will go ahead and move that picture into the main part. It just seems like there should be other stuff in there in addition to the picture. Maybe it would be better to wait until I slimmed down a bit to put a picture of myself in there. But then I thought maybe I'm not really trying to wait until I slim down and put a picture in there of me. Maybe I want to put that actual picture in there because I like that actual picture for some reason better than the other selfie. [The one] I took recently... it doesn't look as creepy. I think that's what I'm trying to say.

I looked more creepy when I was more immature in my KARBYTES development, but to have nothing else to go with it... I guess that's that.
