/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_28august2026_p1.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 29_AUGUST_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

// KARBYTES_VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTIONS_29AUGUST2026

The following two videos were transcribed using the TurboScribe.ai web application.

relevant_plain-text_file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/chatgpt_karbytes_28august2026_p2.txt

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_26august2026_c/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_14june2026/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_15august2026_b/

* * *

video_0_name: karbytes_thinking_28august2026_p0.mp4

video_0_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_28august2026_p0.mp4

video_0_transcription:

All right, I went down to Castro Village to pick up some items for myself to have on this beautiful autumn-like summer day, which has been mostly overcast with a light bit of sprinkling; not what I'd call actual rain. It's been nice temperature. I've been in shorts all day, but I was thinking about the idea of hiatus and trying to get to the bottom of what I really mean by it.

And I think what I mean is I don't really want to go on hiatus. Instead, I just feel like I have to adapt to misfortune, and that would require me taking a hard break from working on KARBYTES, not just on making public canon KARBYTES updates, but on doing anything related to KARBYTES; anything significant, that is. So, rather than adapt to misfortune before it actually happens, I was thinking maybe it's better just to not worry about it until and unless it actually happens.

And that way, instead of wasting my time worrying about things that aren't even technically a reality yet, I can be putting that energy towards something more worthwhile and less about fear and suffering, because I feel like there's already plenty of fear and suffering built into my life at a baseline level as is. And there's always the possibility that misfortune could happen in the future. And I know right now there's terrible things going on in the world, like the floods in Nepal.

And I saw a lot of footage of that on Instagram. I was a little bit traumatized, not gonna lie. And part of what I did today was take long naps because I didn't really sleep at night because my circadian rhythm has acclimated to a schedule of being up all night pretty much and sleeping usually in the middle of the day.

I don't know if I can maintain that circadian rhythm, but I think eventually I'll just adapt to whatever circumstances or schedule I'll have to. And rather than worry about trying to change my schedule right now before I have a reason to, I'm just going to not force myself to do stuff which is stressful, because making changes to my lifestyle is usually stressful. Changes in general are stressful to the human condition because we're creatures of habit, plain and simple.

And another thing that I was seeing on Instagram that I thought was kind of stressful was there was a video about how after age 20 or mid-20s, the number of certain kinds of receptors in the brain that are associated with having intense psychedelic trips decreases dramatically so that once a person gets to an old age, they don't really experience as much of an intense trip when they do psychedelics of the same amount. And taking more psychedelics isn't enough to give them an intense trip because they don't have the hardware available to actually make use of the drug. I thought that was kind of depressing and also made me think that if I really want to get intense macrodose experiences accomplished, I should do it ASAP instead of postponing it.

But I don't really want to do macrodoses anytime soon as in the next few months because I feel like the last few years of my life have been kind of stressful; stressful in terms of I feel that, deep down, there's a sense that I'm not stable in my living situation. And I think maybe the main reason is I don't really feel like I have a robust social support network because I don't really have friends.

And all I really have is family and there's not really much family left that's still alive and able-bodied. And also, I just don't think it's really all that ideal for me to make family my only social support network because it's just a little bit claustrophobic and cut off from the outside world, infantilizing, and just kind of gross. It just is not something I'm all that enthused about.

But also, I'm not all that motivated to go out and make friends either. So I'm in this predicament where if it weren't for my parents, I would pretty much be treated like a nobody by society and would have to be relegated to a very low position. And I might never get out of that position because that's kind of what happens it seems to people that don't really have much in the way of connections with other people that can help them out.

But maybe that's me being overly pessimistic and assuming that no one's going to want to help me in my time of need. I think that there would be people that would help me in my time of need and it wouldn't be so bleak that I could never get out of being severely impoverished. But maybe it is that bleak, especially if I have some kind of crippling disability.

I've talked about this before, that if I have no social support network and end up severely crippled, I could easily just get put away by the system and kind of left to rot for the rest of my life in some kind of nursing home-like environment. And that's still not the worst case scenario. The worst case scenario, well, you can only imagine all the bad things that could happen to a person, like getting kidnapped and tortured, held hostage, mutilated, suffering alone without the means to contact emergency responders, some kind of painful death, like choking to death or something.
Yeah, well, I think it's good to think about these things. It makes me feel better to talk about them. They're on my mind so much.

Maybe I don't really go out and look for friends because I feel that first I need to get my shit together. But how can I get my shit together if I keep having problems with obtaining decent employment and the means to hold down a job? 

Because it seems that transportation issues always emerge no matter what, especially recently. And that's to say nothing of the fact that I'm concerned there's some kind of actual deliberate sabotage going on by other people preventing me from really becoming more financially independent.

And to avoid getting so stressed out that I'm basically on the verge of having a meltdown or already having one, it feels like the best or only thing I can do is just kind of set my expectations low and not try to do too much and instead subsist on a very low standard of living where I hardly really go out and I hardly take risks because I can't afford them financially. So I'm afraid that if I drive this car too far, it's going to break down. So every time I drive this car, it feels like a risk.

So the only time I feel comfortable using the car is for stuff that doesn't really feel all that high stakes to me or all that dangerous. So things like small errands close to home, but then that seems like I'm being very limited to being very close to home. And maybe that's honestly the realistic thing until I can actually afford to get better transportation.

Maybe I need to stop saying I need to get a job that's kind of far away and costs a lot of money to commute out there on top of any kind of vehicle repairs that could be expected. It just seems that no matter what the cost of me getting and holding down a job feels that it's kind of canceling out the pay that I'm getting from it. And that's also another cost of the job is the stress that it puts me under and the amount of time that I'm kind of having taken from me so that it feels like having a job is like putting KARBYTES away....

* * *

video_1_name: karbytes_thinking_28august2026_p1.mp4

video_1_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_75/main/karbytes_thinking_28august2026_p1.mp4

video_1_transcription:

Well, I didn't realize that I got cut off in the middle of talking because I forgot to delete some videos, which I should have deleted a while ago, because I just kind of impromptu started making that recording. So here's part two of that recording. I was saying something about how I was afraid that having a job would most likely make me feel that I'm not able to continue working on KARBYTES as intensively as I really think I should, to the point that it almost feels that it's an all or nothing enterprise, where I have to at least pretend that I'm taking a hard break from working on KARBYTES, so that I don't have conflicts of interest with whatever my employment situation is, or economic situation.

And I don't really want to take a break from intensively working on KARYTES, because to me that's the whole point of my life. KARBYTES is the system by which I remember things, and have a sense of accomplishment, and a sense that I'm the one deciding what the value of my days are, instead of some external authority. And I was talking about how I feel that without an adequate support system in the form of people in my life who would be there for me in my time of need, and also an employer that's kind of supportive of my lifestyle, it's very hard for me to work on KARBYTES without feeling that I have to go into hiding in order to do so, or that I have to be defensive about it, and act like I'm fighting with other people to keep working on KARBYTES, instead of getting along with them.

And I also feel that until I have my own place to live, I don't have what I feel is adequate control over my living space, and I don't feel that I have adequate control over my income. And I was talking about how maybe I'm more narcissistic than most people are, because I have such high standards of what I want for myself to have in life, that I don't think other people really feel... maybe they would if they also were exposed to the same things I've been exposed to. If they got a taste of the good life too, then maybe they wouldn't want to settle for less.

So maybe it's not that I'm more narcissistic than most other people; maybe it's just I am more spoiled than other people are, and I wouldn't want to have to be deprived of nice things that I look forward to in life, and settle for less. That would feel like I'm kind of being almost kidnapped and transported to a shittier part of the world, and forced to live in a way that's infantilizing and oppressive compared to what I'm accustomed to. And I'd like to have a lifestyle where I can actually not feel that I'm settling for less than what I know is out there in terms of the kind of life I could have.

I wasn't really expecting to be this poor and this destitute earlier in my life. I wasn't expecting making money and having my own place to live to be so difficult. And I also wasn't expecting to be this much of a recluse, although I haven't really been trying all that hard to make friends.

I just had a lot more adversity than I expected I would. Well, there's some things I was trying to say that I kind of forgot. I could talk about administrative stuff related to the data size of KARBYTES.

I could talk about employment. I could just break the fourth wall now and say that, yeah, I've been on Indeed dot Com looking at other jobs, and I think the next job I'm going to apply for is most likely going to be a full-time job instead of a part-time job because it's kind of frustrating to be putting so much effort into just merely getting a part-time job that isn't adequate to pay for me to live on my own. I'd like to be able to actually make real progress towards being able to live on my own instead of feeling like that's so far away from me that I don't know when it'll ever happen or ever happen.

To me, it's cruel for someone like me who values living alone so much to be deprived of that for so long. Sometimes I feel that society is rigged to prevent people like me from existing and instead forces people to have to socialize and to be intimate with other people, and I wonder how much actual interpersonal relationships are really by choice or they're just things people kind of accept as part of the cost of living. And for me, as someone who's pretty introverted and prefers solitude, it feels pretty forced.

I'm wondering if there's a way I can actually live on my own without having to pay too high of a price to do so. I think there probably is. If I really try to be more creative and patient and perhaps not so cynical about this whole process, if I'm more open-minded like I was when I was younger, maybe I'll find that I can actually have pretty good circumstances where I can have a decent job and live on my own and not have to pay what I think is too high of a price to do so.

Maybe I don't have to metaphorically sell my soul in order to survive. The rhetoric I hear in the mainstream media from other people, there's something about it that I don't really agree with. It seems like they're exaggerating their misfortune and not really sharing enough concrete details and not showing enough actual logical reasoning.

They act too much like victims and little kids. And that pisses me off. I don't want to get too pejorative and start specifying stereotypes, but it does seem that some people talk as if they're just mere victims of some kind of faceless corporatist society and they can't really do anything but take on too many menial jobs and barely have enough money to pay for mere survival.

And rather than feel sorry for them the way I'm apparently supposed to, according to social justice warriors, I kind of scoff at them like they're doing something wrong to have to be that destitute in modern society. That they're just not doing the right things. And I think I said earlier this summer I shouldn't judge people for doing the wrong things when they don't know any better options.

I'm not really talking about other people. I'm trying not to judge other people. I'm trying to just focus on myself.

So if I'm criticizing other people, it's probably because deep down I'm criticizing myself. I feel comfortable criticizing myself because unlike a lot of other people, obviously, I am open to actual harsh feedback. And I think a lot of other people are not.

So one thing I have to say about other people that I noticed that I'm different about is I can tolerate pretty fucked up feedback from other people because I've received it. And I think other people are a lot more, they need censorship. They're more censoring.

I'm a lot more pro-truth and honesty and openness and less censoring. It's probably because I'm smarter too and probably more open-minded. And I think I've developed my intellect more.

So I value actual challenge. I value intellectual challenge. I'm not talking about just mere ad hominem attacks where people just cuss at each other and try to start fights.

I mean constructive feedback, not just trying to pick a fight. There's a difference between trying to waste someone's time and bait them into fighting and trying to actually communicate and solve problems. I'm a problem solver and it frustrates me to live in a society where it seems that it's very commonplace for problem-solving mentality to not really be all that promoted above more like acting like a victim and being reactionary and even violent and just trying to point out villains instead of taking ownership of one's own inadequacies.

So I feel like I do that plenty obviously. And I have to say it can't all be my fault. The system is partly to blame for it.

But I think the system is still pretty good. And if I actually really apply myself, I could actually net good benefits from it. And then some people would get mad at me and say that I'm getting special treatment or that I'm not suffering enough because they suffer more than me or work harder than me.

A lot of it's just luck. And maybe I'm just luckier. And so far I've been pretty lucky.

But I'm not going to forsake my good fortune and opportunities just to appease people that are not as fortunate. Maybe that's why I don't really have friends because I'm afraid that too many people are secretly backstabbing types that are really just here to make sure I don't get too far ahead of them. So until I meet what I think are trustworthy, decent, supportive people that are also ambitious like me and care about the things I care about, I'm probably not going to try to socialize other than just kind of bare a minimum what it takes to get along in society.

And to some extent, for mental health sake, because I think going out and making small talk now and then with other people is actually good for my mental health because it makes me feel connected to other people. I'm just like everyone else. I do need a minimal amount of some kind of connection with others to feel that I'm not just being shut away in institution and forgotten about and left to rot.

But what about contributing to society? So I think maybe the real solution to my sense that I'm just not getting enough benefit for the cost of whatever my job is, I think maybe the solution is looking for a job where I actually give more back to society. And it's not just some kind of token charity job like, "Oh, I get paid to hold up a vital signs monitor and say that I'm saving lives." That's like a mere medical assistant pretending to be a doctor.

And they're just trying to do it for the prestige and the praise instead of actually practically making a difference. So I don't want to just merely get clapped at and told, "Good job! You got a prestigious sounding job."

I want to get a job where I feel like I'm actually doing something worthwhile. And maybe it isn't classically considered to be the most humanitarian thing ever, but it's something that I think is giving back to society if it doesn't feel like I'm selling my soul. Because then that's one person fighting against what I think is a common trend of saying that work and being an adult is just supposed to be soul sucking and depressing by default.

Maybe I'm here to fight against whatever that norm is. It feels like a cult of negativity and underachievement just to make other people feel better. What if people strayed away from the herd more and were willing to just be on their own more and risk having to die alone and rot somewhere in an institution and get forgotten about? I think that's the difference between me and a lot of other people my age is unlike them, I didn't just settle for getting married and having kids as a way to make sure that I'm taken care of later in life.

Instead, I don't sell my soul and do something that I don't really want to do at the risk of being put away for it and not treated as high a priority as a person because I don't have enough people dependent on me or coming out of my body to justify me getting taken care of better than just being thrown away and left to rot. So I think what I'm doing in this time of my life, which I call the First Official Major Hiatus of KARBYTES, is preparing for what could be me getting just demoted in society for simply choosing to be more solitary than what most would. And to me that's me choosing to be authentic instead of being someone I'm not.

So that's me being able to live and die with dignity instead of being a sellout. That I can tolerate. I can tolerate kind of living in shitty circumstances.

I would just make jokes with myself. I'm my own best friend after all. There's no one else that could ever take that place because they haven't been there.

They haven't been there for me or with me in the times when I was treated like a nothing by other people. But I was there for me. And other people can come and go in my life, but I will always be there.

Which is why I'm not really going to wait for other people to make me valid. Instead I'm just going to say society's going to treat me as having some degree of importance and they can go up and down for whatever reason. A lot of it is beyond my control.

Some of it I do have influence over, but I think a lot of it is just some kind of game where you have to jump through hoops and kind of roll over and do what they tell you to do like a dog to get treats. And I just don't really want to play that way. And maybe that's why I'm such a recluse compared to other people.

It's because I'm just more independent and I'm more opinionated maybe. And that's because I spend a long time by myself developing my intellect and having actual opinions.
